I'm hitting you.
Xiaobao is not your child at all
But my child
You abuse Xiaobao like this
If I slap you a few times, it's all kisses.
Chen Lin
You lied to me about giving birth to the cause of death
Leave my child at the gate of the orphanage
don't ask
Do you know
You are holding back laughter and murdering you
After Bronhua
I'm no longer the little girl you picked on
I will make you sick
Treat you to me
Everything done to Xiaobao is made public
future
Prepare to live in everyone's saliva
weeping
I shouldn't have given birth to you in the first place
Come on, chase them all to Yuncheng
Let go of me don't touch me
Gu Qingqing
They are your biological parents
You are so cruel
Mom, don't worry.
So it's your turn?
You want to drive me out of Yuncheng too
Mom, you are my mother
How could I do this to you?
I just
Someone bought you a plane ticket to Hawaii
You have worried too much for me during this time
It's time to travel and relax
Hey, the president is feeding me to support me
Aren't you still going to kick me out of Yuncheng?
I just want you to relax.
It saves you from kissing such a good daughter-in-law and not recognizing it.
You have to recognize some unscrupulous people as daughters-in-law
When did Mom agree?
Dear, I'll pick you up.
It wasn't for me
Or support for the president's wife
But it doesn't matter.
All the same
A woman full of stains like Gu Qingqing
Not worthy of you at all
I'm doing this for your own good, son